Would you rather have more time or more money?
Would you rather go into the past and meet your ancestors or go into the future and meet your great-great grandchildren?
Would you rather have a rewind button or a pause button on your life?
Would you rather be able to talk with the animals or speak all foreign languages?
Would you rather win the lottery or live twice as long?
Would you rather feel worse if no one showed up to your wedding or to your funeral?
Would you rather be without internet for a week, or without your phone?
Would you rather meet George Washington, or the current President?
Would you rather lose your vision or your hearing?
Would you rather work more hours per day, but fewer days or work fewer hours per day, but more days?
Would you rather listen to music from the 70Åfs or music from today?
Would you rather become someone else or just stay you?
Would you rather be Batman or Spiderman?
Would you rather be stuck on a broken ski lift or in a broken elevator?
Would you rather go to a movie or to dinner alone?
Would you rather always say everything on your mind or never speak again?
Would you rather make a phone call or send a text?
Would you rather read an awesome book or watch a good movie?
Would you rather be the most popular person at work or school or the smartest?
Would you rather put a stop to war or end world hunger?
Would you rather spend the night in a luxury hotel room or camping surrounded by beautiful scenery?
Would you rather explore space or the ocean?
Would you rather go deep sea diving or bungee jumping?
Would you rather be a kid your whole life or an adult your whole life?
Would you rather go on a cruise with friends or with your spouse?
Would you rather lose your keys or your cell phone?
Would you rather eat a meal of cow tongue or octopus?
Would you rather have x-ray vision or magnified hearing?
Would you rather work in a group or work alone?
Would you rather be stuck on an island alone or with someone who talks incessantly?
Would you rather be too hot or too cold?
Would you rather have a cook or a maid?
Would you rather be the youngest or the oldest sibling?
Would you rather get rich through hard work or through winning the lottery?
Would you rather have a 10-hour dinner with a headstrong politician from an opposing party, or attend a 10-hour concert for a music group you detest?
Would you rather be an Olympic gold medalist or a Nobel Peace Prize winner?
Would you rather have a desk job or an outdoor job?
Would you rather live at the top of a tall NYC apartment building or at the top of a mountain?
Would you rather have Rambo or The Terminator on your side?
Would you rather be proposed to in private or in front of family and friends?
Would you rather have to sew all your clothes or grow your own food?
Would you rather hear the good news or the bad news first?
Would you rather be your own boss or work for someone else?
Would you rather have nosy neighbors or noisy neighbors?
Would you rather be on a survival reality show or dating game show?
Would you rather be too busy or be bored?
Would you rather watch the big game at home or live at the stadium.
Would you rather spend the day with your favorite athlete or you favorite movie star?
Would you rather live where it is constantly winter or where it is constantly summer?
Would you rather travel the US and see the sights in a motorhome or by plane?
Would you rather be a little late or way too early?
Would you rather have an unlimited gift certificate to a restaurant or a clothing store?
Would you rather date someone you met online or go on a blind date?
Would you rather your kids wear a uniform to school or clothing of their choice?
Would you rather have many good friends or one very best friend?
Would you rather live in Antarctica or the Sahara Dessert?
Would you rather be able to take back anything you say or hear every conversation around you?
Would you rather be 4Åf5Åh or 7Åf7Åh?
Would you rather be poor and work at a job you love, or rich and work at a job you hate?
Would you rather have your flight delayed by 8 hours or lose your luggage?
Would you rather be in your pajamas or a suit all day?
Would you rather have your first child when you are 18 or 40?
Would you rather be the star player on a losing basketball team or ride the bench on a winning one?
Would you rather spend the next year exempt from all taxes or have a one-month paid vacation?
Would you rather have the best house in a bad neighborhood or the worst house in a good neighborhood?
Would you rather be filthy rich and live 400 years ago or be poor but live today?
Would you rather be gossiped about or never talked about at all?
Would you rather end hunger or hatred?
Would you rather be an unknown major league baseball player or a famous badminton star?
Would you rather go without TV or junk food the rest of your life?
Would you rather spend the day at an amusement park or lazing on the beach?
Would you rather be fluent in all languages or be a master of every musical instrument?
Would you rather sing a song in front of complete strangers or your closest friends?
Would you rather own your own boat or your own plane?
Would you rather meet the president of the United States or a movie star?
Would you rather spend two weeks stuck in a psychiatric hospital or stuck in an airport?
Would you rather own a house or rent a residence?
Would you rather be known as a one-hit wonder for a novel or a song?
Would you rather take an action-packed European vacation or spend two weeks at the same Caribbean resort?
Would you rather be a character in an action-packed thriller or a romantic comedy?
Would you rather be stuck on a train or a bus?
Would you rather be a part of an arranged marriage or spend your life as a single person?
Would you rather babysit a crying infant for a day or have an unwanted houseguest for a week?
Would you rather be locked in an amusement park or a library?
Would you rather sing like an opera star or cook like a gourmet chef?
Would you rather have your debt forgiven or have guaranteed good health for a decade?
Would you rather live the rest of your life as a monk or followed continuously by paparazzi?
Would you rather be given a lifetime supply of delicious food or books?
Would you rather be able to breath underwater or fly through the air?
Would you rather be known for your intelligence or your good looks?
Would you rather eat pizza or ice cream as the only food for eternity?
Would you rather mentally or physically never age?
Would you rather change your eye color or your hair color?
Would you rather have the details of your financial life or your love life be made public?
Would you rather spend a year as a cop or a teacher in an inner-city neighborhood?
Would you rather have a family of 12 children or never be able to have children at all?
Would you rather be really hairy or completely bald?
Would you rather be 4'5" or 7'7"?
Would you rather be blind or deaf?
Would you rather be tall and fat or short and well built?
Would you rather eat healthy or exercise regularly?
Would you rather be super strong or super fast?
Would you rather lose half your hair or lose half your hearing?
Would you rather look weak and actually be strong or look strong and actually be weak?
Would you rather have a third eye or a third arm?
Would you rather be as wide as you are tall, or as tall as you are wide?
Would you rather age from the neck up only or the neck down only?
Would you rather be poor and work at a job you love or be rich and work at a job you hate?
Would you rather be rich and ugly or poor and good looking?
Would you rather be rich or be poor and find true love?
Would you rather work really hard at an interesting job or slack off at a boring job?
Would you rather take a guaranteed $100,000 or a 50/50 chance at $1,000,000?
Would you rather be in constant pain or have a constant itch?
Would you rather be blind or not be able to talk for the rest of your life?
Would you rather go through life unable to answer any questions or unable to ask any questions?
Would you rather have no sense of smell or smell everything near you as though it were right in front of your nose?
Would you rather only be able to whisper or only be able to shout everything?
Would you rather save the life of someone that you're close to or save the lives of 5 random strangers?
Would you rather never touch another human again or never touch a computer powered device again?
Would you rather be the first to die among your close friends or be the last one to die?
Would you rather have a lousy short term memory or a terrible long term memory?
Would you rather have 1 wish granted today or 3 wishes granted 5 years from now?
Would you rather be homeless or live without family and friends?
Would you rather go without the internet or a car for a month?
Would you rather have to sit all day or stand all day?
Would you rather go to jail for a year or live in your car for a year?
Would you rather not be able to use your hands or not be able to walk?
Would you rather be a parent or a child?
Would you rather dump someone else or be the person getting dumped?
Would you rather be stuck in a house with someone you hate or be stuck in a house alone?
Would you rather be a genius in a world of morons, or a moron in a world of geniuses?
Would you rather be ugly and marry a good looking person or be good looking and marry an ugly person?
Would you rather take an ice cold shower and be clean or not shower at all?
Would you rather lick someone else's armpit or have someone else lick your armpit?
Would you rather eat a stick of butter or snort a tablespoon of salt?
Would you rather smell your own fart or smell someone elses?
Would you rather be a chronic farter or a chronic burper?
Would you rather drink a cup of spoiled milk or pee your pants in public?
Would you rather have the ability to fly or the ability to read people's mind?
Would you rather have your flight delayed by 8 hours or lose your luggage?
Would you rather be the worst player on the best team or the best player on a great team?
Would you rather never be able to eat hot food again or never take a hot shower again?
Would you rather be ignorant and happy or be knowledgeable and never fully content?
Would you rather never play or play but always lose?
Would you rather hang with a few friends or go to big party?
Would you rather be 10 minutes late or be 20 minutes early for everything?
Would you rather give out bad advice or receive bad advice?
Would you rather be a master of every musical instrument or be fluent in every language?
Would you rather be stuck in a home that is constantly dark or a house that is constantly bright?
Would you rather be a vegetarian or only be able to eat meat?
Would you rather be in your pajamas all day or in a suit all day?
Would you rather go forward or back in time?
Would you rather Swim 300 meters through shit or dead bodies?
Would you rather Have a dog with a catÅfs personality or a cat with a dogÅfs personality?
Would you rather Eat shit that tasted like chocolate, or eat chocolate that tasted like crap?
Would you rather Be extremely underweight or extremely overweight?
Would you rather Experience the beginning of planet earth or the end of planet earth?
Would you rather Have three kids and no money, or no kids with three million dollars?
Would you rather Be the funniest person in the room or the most intelligent?
Would you rather Have a Lamborghini in your garage or a bookcase with 9000 books and infinite knowledge?
Would you rather Reverse one decision you make every day or be able to stop time for 10 seconds every day?
Would you rather Win $50,000 or let your best friend win$500,000?
Would you rather Run at 100 mph or fly at ten mph?
Would you rather Continue with your life or restart it?
Would you rather Be able to talk your way out of any situation, or punch your way out of any situation?
Would you rather Be a cow or a chicken?
Would you rather Have no taste buds or be color blind?
Would you rather Eat everything you see or lick everything you see?
Would you rather Have a foot long nose or a foot long tongue?
Would you rather Have a baby at 10 or a baby at 60?
Would you rather Be in jail for ten years or be in the coma for 20 years?
Would you rather Have no brother or no sister?
Would you rather Be invisible or be fast?
Would you rather Look like a fish or smell like a fish?
Would you rather Play on Minecraft or play FIFA?
Would you rather Fight 100 duck sized horses or 1 horse sized duck?
Would you rather Have a grapefruit-sized head or a head the size of a watermelon?
Would you rather Be a tree or have to live in a tree for the rest of your life?
Would you rather Live in space or under the sea?
Would you rather lose your sense of touch or your sense of smell?
Would you rather Be able to choose your bridesmaid dress or never have to be a bridesmaid again?
Would you rather Have your gynecologist use a speculum that is too large or a speculum that is cold?
Would you rather Have girlÅfs night with Oprah Winfrey or Hillary Clinton?
Would you rather Have painful cramps again or never have to shave again?
Would you rather Be catcalled or be treated like a human being?
Would you rather Go through a whole day with a very visible panty line or with lipstick on your teeth?
Would you rather Be asked if you are PMSing every single day or be told to stop being so sensitive every day?
Would you rather Wear a push-up bra all day long or stiletto heels all day long?
Would you rather Have an entire eyebrow accidentally waxed off or Get a rash from a poor bikini wax job?
Would you rather Get your period at the beach or on a date?
Would you rather Live in a world without the movie ÅgBridesmaidsÅh or without ÅgMean GirlsÅh?
Would you rather Have an awful hair day or go through the whole day with your braÅfs underwire poking you?
Would you rather Wear a pad for 12 hours or wear a thong that keeps creeping up into your bits?
Would you rather Have tampons for fingers or have pubic hair for teeth.
Would you rather Have one partner or multiple partners? (via)
Would you rather Talk with me about someone you fancy or fantasize about it secretly in your mind?
Would you rather Watch a girl on girl or guy on guy video, to turn yourself on?
Would you rather Watch something erotic with me, or read an erotica loud, while touching me?
Would you rather Have it with the lights on or off?
Would you rather Pay for it, or get paid for it?
Would you rather Have it with my best friend, or with your best friend?
Would you rather Swallow or spit?
Would you rather Be on top or underneath?
Would you rather Have it with someone or watch someone having it?
Would you rather Have it in the morning or at night?
Would you rather Bring another person in bed or cheat on me?
Would you rather Receive an oral or give it?
Would you rather Have romantic it or try out some new kinky ideas?
Would you rather End a first date with it or with a passionate kiss?
Would you rather Kiss or girl or be kissed by a girl? (via)
Would you rather Have a long term relationship or flings?
Would you rather Have an average girl with a great personality or a hot girl?
Would you rather Stay in or go out for a date?
Would you rather Check out a girl from the back or the front?
Would you rather Wear comfortable clothes or fashionable clothes?
Would you rather Go to a bar, a club, a house party, or just stay home?
Would you rather Find true love or be rich?
Would you rather See a girl in shorts, or in a skirt?
Would you rather Spend $5,000 on traveling or on a physical item like a TV?
Would you rather Not brush your teeth for ten days or not shower for ten days?
Would you rather Kiss a girl on the first date or wait?
Would you rather Be a tutor for underprivileged kids or volunteer at a homeless shelter or
Would you rather Date me or be my friend?
Would you rather Go to an expensive restaurant or a cheaper relaxed atmosphere where the food is equally good?
Would you rather Be poor and good looking or wealthy and ugly?
Would you rather Be hairy or completely bald?
Would you rather Be 4Åf5Åç or 7Åf7Åç?
Would you rather Be blind or deaf?
Would you rather Be short and well built or tall and fat?
Would you rather Take a guaranteed $100,000 or a 50/50 chance at $1,000,000?
Would you rather Eat healthily or exercise regularly?
Would you rather Be super strong or super fast?
Would you rather Be poor and find true love or be rich?
Would you rather Lose half your hair or lose half your hearing?
Would you rather Work hard at the job you love or slack off at a boring job?
Would you rather Look weak and be strong or look strong and be weak?
Would you rather Have a third wrist or a third eye?
Would you rather Be as wide as you are tall, or as tall as you are wide?
Would you rather Age from the neck up or the neck down only?
Would you rather Stop using YouTube or stop using Facebook?
Would you rather Check your email first every morning or Check your social networks first every morning?
Would you rather Lose your keys or forget your cell phone?
Would you rather Only have access to YouTube on the Internet or only have access to games on the Internet?
Would you rather Eat the same food for the rest of your life or never use Instagram again?
Would you rather Watch TV all the time or not watch TV at all?
Would you rather Have slow but unlimited internet or Paid but Limited Internet?
Would you rather Give up shopping for three or give up emoji for three months?
Would you rather Lose all your contacts or lose $100?
Would you rather Eat an entire stick of butter or send an embarrassing email to your entire company?
Would you rather Be stung by a jellyfish or give up Facebook for a week?
Would you rather Never have internet access or be a professional clown?
Would you rather Create a super successful app or go on tour with Beyonce?
Would you rather Not use email for a week or feel hungover for a week?
Would you rather Ride on an elephant or a giraffe?
Would you rather Eat a whole cake or a box of ice cream?
Would you rather Go sledding on a cold day or swimming on a hot day?
Would you rather Be able to fly or be strong as your favorite superhero?
Would you rather Make the table or clean up your toys?
Would you rather Eat a chocolate kiss or a lollipop?
Would you rather Go to the aquarium or the zoo?
Would you rather Play the trumpet or the flute?
Would you rather Ride in a convertible or on the back of a motorcycle?
Would you rather Have a pet goat or a pet chicken?
Would you rather Eat cooked spinach or cooked broccoli?
Would you rather Have a cat or a dog?
Would you rather Eat a donut or a cookie?
Would you rather Be a teacher or a doctor?
Would you rather Be a firefighter or a police officer?
Would you rather break up with someone or have someone break up with you?
Would you rather be handsome/beautiful and marry an ugly person or be ugly and marry a handsome/beautiful person?
Would you rather marry someone who does not love you or marry someone you do not love?
Would you rather marry someone who is extremely attractive or be extremely attractive yourself?
Would you rather have your first child when you are 18 years old or when you are 40 years old?
Would you rather live a long life in poverty or a short life with wealth?
Would you rather have everyone know about your personal finances or know the details of your romantic life?
Would you rather marry someone very rich or someone who is very handsome/beautiful?
Would you rather only have one child of your own or adopt as many children as you wish?
Would you rather have a beautiful sporty car and an old house or a real ÅgclunkerÅh car and a beautiful house?
Would you rather save someoneÅfs life or have a bucket full of gold?
Would you rather be poor and attractive or rich and ugly?
Would you rather fly all over the world with your true love or be marooned on an island with your favorite celebrity?
Would you rather be locked inside an old building with your boyfriend/girlfriend or inside an amusement park with a celebrity?
Would you rather marry someone who has lots of money or someone with a good heart?
Would you rather stay up all night helping an irritating family member with a problem or babysit a baby that will not stop crying?
Would you rather be able to dress in designer clothes or buy everything you want at a discount store?
Would you rather get everything you want materially or find your true love?
Would you rather date someone who is 10 years older or someone 10 years younger?
Would you rather have an arranged marriage or spend the rest of your life single?
Would you rather have disappointing sex every night for a full year or great sex for one night?
Would you rather live out in the country or in the city?
Would you rather unknown and rich or be famous and poor?
Would you rather take your vacation at an exotic resort or go camping?
Would you rather baby sit crying infant triplets for six hours or go without food and water for 24 hours?
Would you rather travel 100 years into the future or 100 years into the past?
Would you rather spend 2 months living in a nursing home or two months in jail?
Would you rather have a bee sting you on the face, or hold a snake?
Would you rather wear a bathing suit or wear formal attire everywhere you go for the next two weeks?
Would you rather borrow $10,000 from your parents or borrow $1000 from your friends?
Would you rather live around a noisy neighbor or a barking dog?
Would you rather win a million dollars in the lottery or never have to buy anything for yourself ever again?
Would you rather be bitten by a poison snake or a poison spider?
Would you rather be famous and remembered with hatred or unknown and forgotten?
Would you rather be a doctor or a nurse?
Would you rather be a chef or a server?
Would you rather stay forever at your current age or be 10 years younger?
Would you rather be very strong or be able to run very fast?
Would you rather own your own boat or your own island?
Would you rather spend one year sailing around the world or one year living in your foreign favorite country?
Would you rather take a trip down the Amazon River or walk the Great Wall of China?
Would you rather meet your favorite movie star or the President of the United States?
Would you rather be a rabbit or a fox?
Would you rather go skiing in the winter or to the beach in the summer?
Would you rather lose your sense of smell or your sense of taste?
Would you rather raise chickens for eggs or beef for meat?
Would you rather live on a houseboat or in a cabin in the mountains?
Would you rather always have your favorite song stuck in your head forever or always dream the same thing at night?
Would you rather have hair that is always straight or hair that is super curly?
Would you rather develop a paralyzing fear of heights or be afraid of water?
Would you rather have everyone know the details of your finances or the details of your love life?
Would you rather have the ability to read other peopleÅfs mind or the ability to see into the future?
Would you rather be able to sing like diva or be able to play the guitar like a rock star?
Would you rather live as a vegan for a month or only be able to eat meat and dairy for a month?
Would you rather have all of your emails for the next two months made public or have your text messages read by everyone?
Would you rather have to shout everything you say or whisper everything you say?
Would you rather be a giant mouse or a tiny elephant?
Would you rather never eat your favorite food for the rest of your life, or only be able to eat your favorite food?
Would you rather be a tiny person no taller than a few inches or a giant person over nine feet tall?
Would you rather be stranded on an island with someone you hate or stranded on an island alone?
Would you rather forget who you are or not know who everyone else is?
Would you rather let it go or get even?
Would you rather never be able to say what is on your mind or always have to speak the truth?
Would you rather never play or always lose?
Would you rather be the circus person who puts their head in the lionÅfs mouth or the clown that is shot out of a cannon?
Would you rather walk barefoot in a public bathroom or through poison ivy?
Would you rather wear an overcoat to bed every night or sleep with shoes and socks on every night?
Would you rather have hail rocks or rain arrows?
Would you rather have a noisy neighbor or a nosy neighbor?
Would you rather have the ability to see ten years into your own future or six months into the future of the world?
Would you rather be famous for being extremely intelligent or for being good looking?
Would you rather parent ten children who are well-behaved angels or parent one child who is totally out of control?
Would you rather go to your 20-year class reunion and nobody remember who you are or have everybody comment on how old you look?
Would you rather live life in a small submarine at the bottom of the sea or in a small space capsule in outer space?
Would you rather lose your keys (all of them ? house and car) or lose your phone?
Would you rather win one million dollars today or ten million dollars in ten years?
Would you rather have your body age or your face age?
Would you rather spend every minute the rest of your life outside or inside?
Would you rather have the power to make anyone fall in love with you or be able to read minds?
Would you rather go back in time and prevent the Titanic from sinking or prevent the 1929 stock market crash?
Would you rather live in a home with no electricity or in a home with no running water?
Would you rather have to crawl everywhere or run everywhere?
Would you rather wear a cape for a month everywhere with no explanation or wear an eye patch everywhere for a month?
Would you rather wash the laundry or fold and put away the laundry?
Would you rather be able to live under water or live in outer space?
Would you rather have the power to end war in the world or the power to end poverty?
Would you rather be able to sleep as late as you wish or be able to stay up as late as you like?
Would you rather have a dinosaur as a pet or a unicorn?
Would you rather have a submarine or a space shuttle?
Would you rather be able to fly everywhere you want or be invisible?
Would you rather eat any flavor of ice cream you wish for one week of summer or only vanilla-flavored ice cream for an entire summer?
Would you rather be an expert at everything or have all knowledge?
Would you rather have a paid for luxury two-bedroom apartment in a big city of your choice or a free mansion in the country of the state or country where you live currently?
Would you rather win the Nobel Peace Prize or 5 million dollars?
Would you rather travel 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?
Would you rather go to jail for a year or be homeless for a year?
Would you rather live with someone you hate or live completely alone?
Would you rather be rich with no friends or poor with lots of good friends?
Would you rather be on an airplane between two arguing passengers or next to a screaming infant?
Would you rather save the life of an elderly family member or the life of a child to whom you are not related?
Would you rather never touch an electronic device again or never touch a human again?
Would you rather have a terrible short-term memory or forget everything bad that ever happened to you?
Would you rather have one wish granted today or three wishes granted ten years from now?
Would you rather be homeless and have family and friends or live comfortably but entirely alone?
Would you rather spend a year in a psychiatric hospital or a year in jail?
Would you rather spend a week adrift at sea in a life raft or spend one month in the coldest place on earth?
Would you rather share a toothbrush with a random stranger or kiss a random stranger on the mouth?
Would you rather be able to eat as much as you want and never gain weight or feel refreshed and well rested after only three hours of sleep each night?
Would you rather be completely alone for 5 years or never alone for 5 years?
Would you rather lose you sense of taste or your sense of smell?
Would you rather not be able to read or not be able to write?
Would you rather have to eat only warm food or have to eat only cold food?
Would you rather spend 48 straight hours in a public restroom or the same amount of time in a morgue?
Would you rather live in a place where it is always cold or in a place that is always hot?
Would you rather be 4Åf2Åç or 8Åf2Åç?
Would you rather be short and physically fit or tall and fat?
Would you rather exercise regularly or eat a healthy diet?
Would you rather lose half your hearing or half your seeing?
Would you rather be rich and alone or be poor and find true love?
Would you rather have a constant itch or be in constant pain?
Would you rather go through life unable to ask any questions or unable to answer any questions?
Would you rather go without the internet or your phone for a month?
Would you rather be great at math or an amazing writer?
Would you rather only be able to jump everywhere you go or only be able to skip everywhere you go?
Would you rather be able jump incredibly high or run incredibly fast?
Would you rather have no sense of smell or smell everything around you with extra ability?
Would you rather be blind the rest of your life or mute the rest of your life?
Would you rather look strong and be weak or look weak and be strong?
Would you rather have a third eye or a third ear?
Would you rather be as tall as you are wide or as wide as you are tall?
Would you rather age only from the neck up or only from the neck down?
Would you rather have a very muscular lower body and a normal upper body, or a muscular upper body but a very skinny lower body?
Would you rather be a moron in a world of geniuses or a genius in a world of morons?
Would you rather have $1,000,000 now or $5,000 a week for the rest of your life?
Would you rather listen to songs you have no control over 24 hours a day for a year or listen to your favorite song 24 hours a day for a year?
